thanks for watching thank you for
joining us
on um wow another major news day and
when i say major
i am again talking about president
biden's dog
who last night i informed you bit an
employee of the national park service
this was his second attack this month
and then today we learned
via the ap that major or his colleague
champ has defiled the hallway
outside the reception room just off the
white house south lawn
what a scoop that is that
i like that the white house dog making a
bowel movement is a news story
a year ago we were out of ventilators
meanwhile it was a day of celebration
for about half of college basketball
fans here in l.a our 11th seeded ucla
bruins beat number one seed michigan in
a
thriller last night to advance to the
final four
where they will face off against the
fictional school known as gonzaga
gonzaga is uh undefeated
because you can't beat something that
doesn't exist
they're set to play ucla on saturday you
know for the last few years i've
been challenging the world to show me
proof any kind of proof that gonzaga
exists outside this basketball team they
put together
to make everyone think there's a
university in spokane but no one's been
able to do it
they tried to get me to come up there
probably so they could kill me and
silence me
but i'm no dummy that's not happening
the question is have you ever met anyone
who went to gonzaga
of course not as i've said before it's
like wakanda
they always say this is what they say
bing crosby went to gonzaga and of
course
we can't verify that because bing crosby
has been dead for i don't know how long
so i did a little googling this
afternoon there are no famous people who
went to gonzaga other than bing crosby
so
i looked up bing crosby's movies and i
noticed something
follow along here look at this g o
n z a g a i
s f a k e and what does that spell
gonzaga is fate
bingo bing oh
i rest come on q and on you want a real
conspiracy look into this
florida congressman matt gates is having
a bad week after a bombshell report by
the new york times last night if you're
not familiar
with matt gates this is his twitter
profile that should tell you all you
need to know
matt gates is basically the shrimp tail
in your cinnamon toast crunch
he is not well liked by anyone and he's
reportedly being investigated by the
department of justice they're looking
into whether
or not he had a sexual relationship with
a 17 year old and paid for her travel
across state lines which becomes sex
trafficking gates by the way was the
only congressman
democrat or republican to vote against a
law that gave the government more power
to fight human trafficking he's one of
the worst of the war even his fellow
republicans
are reportedly celebrating this at not
only does
gates deny the charges he tried to
explain to tucker carlson last night
that the real victim
is him what is happening is an extortion
of me and my family
involving a former department of justice
official on march 16th my father
got a text message demanding a meeting
wherein
a person demanded 25 million dollars
in exchange for making horrible sex
trafficking allegations
against me go away you can really tell
he's speaking from the heart and not
from a
statement his lawyer wrote on the screen
you ever know this is always my father
with these guys my father
my father was investigated because when
you pull his finger a fart would come
out
and they called it domestic terrorism
but i i'm interrupting go on i'm not the
only person on screen right now
who's been falsely accused of a terrible
sex act
you were accused of something that you
did not do and so you know what this
feels like
and now tucker's like how the hell did i
get roped into this
you just referred to a mentally ill
viewer who accused me of a sex crime
20 years ago um and of course it was it
was not sure i'd never met the person um
but
but i do agree with you that being
accused falsely is one of the worst
things that can happen yes i know this
because i do it almost every night on my
show
although to be fair to tucker carlson
all of his viewers are mentally ill so
it wasn't just
this interview was so all over the place
you'd think
matt gates owned a pillow company what
is the basis of that investigation
what is the allegation is that really
not very clear from these news stories
yeah again i only know what i've read in
the new york times
i can say that actually you and i went
to dinner about two years ago your wife
was there and
i brought a friend of mine you'll
remember her i
i don't remember the woman you're
speaking of the context at all
this is like when your college roommate
shows up and meets your new wife and
starts saying things
remember the time we had that threesome
with a goat and you're like
gates went on to say he suspects he's
being targeted because his father is
rich
and he's a prominent republican he even
named the former
doj official he said is targeting him
but this isn't
a partisan investigation in fact it was
opened by trump's attorney general
bill barr who reportedly didn't want to
be seen with
matt gates in public according to
politico barr was supposed to do a meet
and greet with some republicans on the
house judiciary committee
but canceled when he found out gates was
going to be there so
this explanation and his behavior
flustered
even his dinner pal tucker who did a
little post-mortem for the folks
watching at home
if you just saw a matt gates interview
that was one of the weirdest interviews
i've ever conducted this is a man who
interviewed someone
who claimed hillary clinton was running
a satanic pedophile operation out of a
pizza place so
there's always a twist hey speaking of
politicians under investigation for sex
stuff governor andrew cuomo today signed
legislation that would legalize
recreational marijuana
in the state of new york and said now
please everyone go smoke it
and forget about the women i played grab
ass with thank you
that's good news that spongebob
squarepants musical is finally going to
make sense
trump's former white house trade advisor
this guy peter navarro was on fox news
taking shots again at poor dr fauci
fauci is a sociopath and a liar he had
nothing to do with the vaccine the
father of the vaccine
is donald j trump what is fauci the
father of fouchy's the father of the
actual
virus
it's nice to see the people who work for
trump will get to enjoy a long career of
spouting inane nonsense on tv for the
rest of their lives
and watch the heavily lipstick dummy fox
news host
nodding along with him this virus
according to
bob redfield at the centers for disease
control came from the wuhan
lab and basically we had fauci not only
funding that lab with american taxpayer
dollars
he authorized this thing called gain of
function research he allowed the chinese
communist party the people's liberation
army to genetically engineer
a virus using gain of function i call it
the fouchy virus now if he wants to be
the father of something
he's the father of the virus that's
killed over half a million
americans i agree dr fauci needs to go
on the maury povet show
right now to confirm whether or not he
is or isn't the father of the
coronavirus
peter navarro should get off fox news
and on to some anti-psychotic medication
because
it really is the revisionist history
that we're seeing on a daily basis now
it would be shocking if we were capable
of being shocked anymore
but the tunes have changed so much from
a year ago and so
now it's time to look back at what was
in the news one year ago this week
in a new installment of this week in
covet history
this week in golden history as we head
into april 2020
president trump is a ratings hit mr
trump and his coronavirus updates have
attracted an audience of 8.5 million
roughly the viewership of the season
finale of the bachelor
that's not me talking that's literally
what the president tweeted
word for word it was weird
did you know i was number one on
facebook number one on facebook
so mr number one how do we beat this
pandemic maybe by wearing masks the cdc
says
it's a good idea with the masks it's
going to be
really a voluntary thing you can do it
you don't have to do it i'm choosing not
to do it
great thinking mr t who needs masks
when you have tonight's sponsor
[Music]
hydroxychloroquine hydroxy
chlor chloroquine hydrochloroquine
it's hydroxyquinolone and totally
untested
we have purchased 29 million pills
we're sending them to the hospitals
we're sending them all over there are
signs that it works on this some very
strong signs
but don't just take his word for it
everything shows
that it works i think this is the
beginning of the end of the pandemic
i'm very serious i think history will
judge who's right on this debate i bet
on president trump's
intuition on this one yes our president
knows best
what do you have to lose take it yes
just shut up and put it in your butt
this has been
this week in covid history
simpler times thanks for watching
remember every time you click the
subscribe button
one of your enemies gets destroyed